---
layout: page
title: Services
permalink: /services/
weight: 1
---

Dr. Lacy offers a variety of treatment for a wide range of problems. 
Her primary specialty is in Neuropsychology, the study of the
relationship between the brain and behavior. Conditions that would
fall under the category of neuropsychology include, brain injury,
stroke, tumors, seizures, hydrocephalus, Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s,
learning disabilities, ADHD, and other neurological conditions. 
Services provided include neuropsychological testing (please see Brain
Injury page for a description), education, therapy to increase one’s
adjustment to their condition, family therapy to increase support and
understanding, and cognitive rehabilitation to improve thinking skills
and daily functioning.

A secondary specialty is the treatment of Chronic Pain.  People with
chronic headaches, back pain, orthopedic pain, and nerve pain can
receive therapy to learn pain management techniques.  Though your pain
is real and physical, psychological factors play a key role in
increasing your tolerance for pain, reducing the severity of pain, and
improving daily functioning.  Psychological testing is also provided
as part of the pre-surgical screening for spinal cord stimulators and
intrathecal morphine pumps.

Psychological testing is offered for a variety of situations including
"fitness for duty" evaluations, military evaluations, adoptions, and
personality assessments as an adjunct to treatment.  Individuals can
be referred by other psychologists, psychiatrists, counselors,
physicians, adoption agencies, or employment agencies for
psychological testing.

Dr. Lacy also provides traditional psychotherapy to treat depression,
anxiety, panic disorder, Obsessive Compulsive disorder, bipolar
disorder, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, grief, relationship issues,
anger management, low self-esteem, communication issues, stress
management, adjustment to life transitions, and management of chronic
medical conditions.

Dr. Lacy strives to provide accurate and objective assessments of
brain disorders with practical recommendations so that the patient
receives the best possible treatment to meet their needs. Dr. Lacy
believes in working with all members of the patient's support system
to work toward maximizing an individual's ability to function on a
daily basis. Collaboration with treating physicians and case managers
is the key to providing continuity of care. Education and support for
family members helps to improve understanding and management of the
changes that accompany injury and illness. All aspects of a person's
life are addressed in treatment, including physical, emotional, mental
and spiritual issues.
